I didn't make any edits to the following programming examples just followed along and learnt the differences between them. 
I followed the and created these following samples using Xamarin before I am doing a project that I sadly cannot put on here yet. 
https://developer.xamarin.com/samples/xamarin-forms/Todo/
https://developer.xamarin.com/samples/mobile/LivePlayer/XamagonXuzzleLP/
https://developer.xamarin.com/samples/urho/FeatureSamples/Core/02_HelloGUI/
https://developer.xamarin.com/samples/urho/FeatureSamples/Core/05_AnimatingScene/
https://developer.xamarin.com/samples/urho/FeatureSamples/Core/16_Chat/
https://developer.xamarin.com/samples/urho/FeatureSamples/Core/37_UIDrag/
I looked into these examples in particular to make a game similar to clash of clans but following a more story lined approach. I am still working on the story line part time due to my hobby of writting
Here is my prologue of my story, the reason why i'm writting the story is so people can better understand the world I am putting them into. The game would end up being just one portion of it
The biggest and craziest driving force in my life has been my goal to be able to truly use the force. Actually, it's not anything as specific as being able to use the force rather it’s a way broader goal that I had since I had even, even the briefest inkling of intelligence... 

Ohm should I say it... Oh yes, yes I shall... 

My goal is said to be impossible to achieve by people that have the intellect, passion and the dreams of a caveman.  

Similar to how planes were once thought to be impossible I dream to achieve something grander and more similarly or more solidly thought of as impossible. 

Let's stop and consider the people making fun of me right now thinking something along the lines of there is no way to achieve the real impossible feats or damn this guy is an idiot. 

Imagine they say these things in a super exaggerated tone of speech.  

I have a simple question; how does one truly know if something is impossible? 

Did they have others try everything? 

Maybe the issue is within the tester? 

Maybe not everything is an external factor... 

Have these people tried everything?  

Did they arrange the right situation? 

I can go on listing questions and pointing out circumstances for the foreseeable future, but that won't help anybody, try coming up with a few points or questions of your own maybe it will help you in ways you least expect. 

So, think... and create and have weird ideologies' because what I'm about to experience may or may not blow your mind. 

If your brains still can't accept anything you've read well I guess I have two more very important things to say to you 'FUCK YOU,' and 'I'm – possible' so shove that up your ass. 

Let's approach my current situation carefully for those with lackluster guts. 

I am apparently dying... 

Not what you expect right.  

Well at least that’s what my knowledgeable doctors are saying, more specifically they are saying I'm dying from a new illness previously said to be impossible called 'pe..' Uhm, what was that name they called it again.  

Well *cough* this is embarrassing, well actually it's not embarrassing at all it's time to start one of my rants. First and foremost, the name is sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo fucking long. 

Does anybody here know how doctors name things? 

Well I don't, they are so fucking stupid either they are long or something weird and long like Triponalifazifte. 

Let's consider a few drugs that I can think of easily weed, heroin, crack/coke for cocaine. I hope you get the point by now. Drug dealers and black-market drugs are so much easier for us regular and non-doctorate smucks to pronounce that most likely a baby can order them... Do doctors have a course on making the stupidest and possibly the most confusing names ever? 

But I do know lab technicians do fuck up drug names all the time and give the wrong drug with possibly devastating consequences. It might be safer to buy illegal drugs downtown with the possibility of getting shot or robbed. 

Basically, the doctors keep telling me I have an unknown illness and so far, I am the only person infected with it... 

Doctors have been proven useless. 

They don't truly know or understand more than me about it. 

Impossible illness on a person who has always wanted to achieve the impossible, oh the IRONY. 

Let's talk about symptom's the doctors don't believe are true symptoms of the illness. I am seeing very weird things as of late most especially and noticeable is an object in the distance that looks like a billboard. 

I have mentioned me seeing these visions... to my psychologist and other doctors and how it seems to be getting closer to me each passing day as my hair and skin begins to disintegrate into nothingness. 

Maybe an overstatement, I'm mainly shedding and growing them again, but the skin and hair currently does disintegrate down into small atoms unless I mentally say don't disintegrate. I find that very interesting.  

My psychologist says the illusion I am seeing is how my brain is dealing with my condition, because it directly correlates to the progression of my symptoms. 

As my symptoms are progressing I am getting younger.  

For example, I looked like the regular fantasy / sci-fi novel geek in his teens. Now I currently look like I am between eight and ten years old. 

Let's talk about my situation. 

I've been on the news multiple times since I contracted this illness. 

Now the Gen-tech Corporation are moving me to an offsite facility. They have been researching biological immortality for a while now in the form of telomeres, telomers are part of the human cell that affect how our cells age.  

They are portrayed in the dark web as an evil organization that is doing illegal experiments on human subjects for a few years now. There have also been multiple thank you posts from human traffickers on the message board.  

Scary right.  

Well now I believe I am the most important subject they have. 

Note this is not a delusion.  

I'm now in what I consider the most secure facility in the world. Multiple walls are around the facility. Big steel and stone constructions. Probably secure even to a heavy nuke drop.  

The facility itself has one entrance and exit. I think anyway. It's a big stair case that goes deep underground. 

There also appears that the walls can be lowered underground. Because there are what looks to be shutters on the tarmac. 

After I was placed in a secure room with one computer in the room. The computer has access to a secure internet which I do not have access to. However, it automatically downloads books, games and movies onto the local or semi-local storage. I must say it has an amazing search algorithm. 

Legally I am allowed visitors but all my relatives are a state away, when I am allowed to communicate with my parents they tell me they are working on the certification to come and they will visit around the end of the month.  

I have a lot of free time that I am using to learn especially since I never feel tired anymore. 

I am focusing my researching on the human body and medicine.  

I learnt a lot about herbology. 

Other times I'm watching educational and historical films about sabotage, warfare, and weapon's manufacturing. 

I'm also watching videos on survival skills like starting fires and the like. Have you heard about the show naked and afraid, it's both interesting and educational... 

You might laugh at this next tutorial, even I find myself embarrassed by just mentioning it. 

I'm reviewing and following along with some video tutorials on women and children self-defense. 

It shows hand placements and actions to do in certain circumstances. It's the only thing I could find that I can practice effectively. 

However, my favorite thing to do is watch a YouTube series called how to make everything. 
 

A month later I am escorted to the door of the facility and see the walls down and under the tarmac. I recognize my whole family; extended family included my old grandparents getting out of cars. I even see my friends and their parents.  

I yell out of fear for their safety, I was only expecting visits of one or two at a time. But this is a similar situation to something I recently watched about the earlier days of the Nazi's concentration camp. Invite a bunch of Jews to camps for a valid reason and run tests on them and keep on bringing people into the camp that know them until word about what is happening is less likely to travel. 

I'm happy to state my friends are smarter than the others and run away with their parents in tow.  

I guess they didn’t predict that I would act as I did or guess the meaning behind their actions. 

I smile since the guard right next to me goes to his walkie talky and begins to attempt to call for backup angrily. I start punching him as hard as I can, and the walkie talkie slips from the guard’s hand. I jump, and before I land on the radio the security guard pushes me, and I go tumbling away. I use the momentum to begin running away in the opposite direction of most my friends and family went, guessing they will search for me as their number one priority.  

I ran for what felt like hours until I took a tumble landing in the dignified position of a face plant.  

I look down and behind me and I can't see anything that I could have tripped on.  

Then my ankles dislocated as I was sitting, pain shooting up my leg as all my bones begin cracking and breaking.  

My skin rips and tears as I shed my skin.  

I never felt pain before with my illness. 

Everything hurt for what felt like hours. The sun in the sky was set and the moon made the darkness unreasonably bright.  

As I stretched to get up I felt better than ever before.  

I felt light, strong and very flexible.  

My skin was smooth and clear of any blemish. My acne and birthmarks were gone.  

The strangest change of all was that my belly button was gone, and I had abs. 

My vision was better and I could see the veins of tree leaves from twenty feet away.  

My sense of touch was quite weird as well, I could feel the swaying of tree branches and the sweat evaporating the moisture on my skin. 

DING...!!! 
